# Finance and Corporate Innovation: A Survey

<font size = 5> **Journal:**</font>

<font size = 4>

Asia-Pacific Journal of Financial Studies
</font>

<font size = 5> **Authors:**</font>

<font size = 4>

* Jie (Jack) He:
  
  Terry College of Business, University of Georgia, United States
* Xuan Tian:
  
  PBC School of Finance, Tsinghua University, China
</font>

## Abstract

Corporate innovation is an increasingly important topic that has attracted great attention from academic researchers in financial economics in recent years. Although the top three finance journals (i.e. the Journal of Finance, the Journal of Financial Economics, and the Review of Financial Studies) together published a total of only five papers on corporate innovation from 2000 to 2008, the number of such papers published by these three journals skyrocketed to 56 from 2009 to the third quarter of 2017. <mark>The purpose of this survey is to provide a synthetic and evaluative monograph of academic papers that examine the drivers and financing sources of corporate innovation.</mark>

## Introduction

这篇文章的目的：回顾最近快速发展的关于金融和企业创新的文献

想要回答的问题：

1. How is corporate finance motivated and financed?

2. To what extent do financial markets and systems shape the initiation, process, features, and outcomes of technological innovation by corporations?

there were a total of 68 innovation publications between 2000 and the third quarter (Q3) of 2017

### 2.2. Firms’ Internal Characteristics

> In this subsection, we turn our attention to the innovation activities of publicly listed firms. In particular, we review articles that explore in depth the <mark>firm-level determinants</mark>  of corporate innovation, especially those that can be largely controlled by shareholders, the owners, and ultimate residual claimers of the benefits associated with innovative investment.

CEO 是上市公司最重要的决策者，负责分配公司资源，设计公司战略，并最终产生利润和财务回报。因此，他们的动机、管理风格甚至个人特征都可能对企业创新活动的方向、重点和进展产生重大影响。因此本文首先回顾了研究创新与 CEO 各种特征之间关系的学术研究

### 2.3. Firms’ External Characteristics

> In this subsection, we discuss literature that explores how the <mark>external environment of a firm and those firm-level characteristics largely beyond the direct control of shareholders</mark> influence the process and outcomes of corporate innovation. We start by reviewing studies that examine various kinds of financial market intermediaries, such as financial analysts, institutional investors, and hedge funds, and then move on to discuss articles studying the effect of stock market trading, prices, as well as stakeholders, on corporate innovation.